TFE Azure AD document update (#1954)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/saml/identity-provider-configuration-aad.html.md

> Follow these steps to configure Azure Active Directory (AAD) as the identity provider (IdP) for Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer: Dropping this here as an FYI and suggestion. Microsoft already has this great tutorial about configuring SSO with TFE! https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/saas-apps/terraform-enterprise-tutorial

I wonder if instead of documenting the process again, we could just link to that tutorial from this page and then add any necessary supplementary content for TFE users here? That way, we wouldn't be duplicating existing content. Thoughts? @im2nguyen

Reviewer: Could we also do a statement in the description that this will close this issue: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/issues/1942

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of linking out to Microsoft, that way, they can own and manage these set of docs since they're more about working with AAD than TFE itself

> ~> **Note:** This guide assumes you have an appropriate licensing agreement for Azure Active Directory that supports non-gallery application single sign-on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> **Tip:** > We suggest you use the [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/saas-apps/terraform-enterprise-tutorial) Microsoft provides regarding setting up the TFE SSO gallery application.

~> **Note:** This guide assumes you have an appropriate licensing agreement for Azure Active Directory that supports non-gallery application single sign-on.
```

Reviewer: Can we just add this to be right after the intro sentence at the top? a note and a tip right in a row can be visually overwhelming for readers :)

Reviewer: Also - are the instructions we link to duplicating any of the content below? If so, I wonder if we should remove it, link to the tutorial for those steps, and then have sections on this page that users should do after they have followed that process. Thoughts?

Follow these steps to configure Azure Active Directory (AAD) as the identity provider (IdP) for Terraform Enterprise.

> > [!Note]
> > This guide assumes you have an appropriate licensing agreement for Azure Active Directory that supports non-gallery application single sign-on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** This guide assumes you have an appropriate licensing agreement for Azure Active Directory that supports non-gallery application single sign-on.
```

## Configure a New AAD Non-Gallery Application

1. In the Azure portal, navigate to **Azure Active Directory** > **Enterprise Applications** and select **Add an Application**.

    ![Screenshot: AAD's "Add Application" page](./images/sso-aad-saml-add-application.png)

2. Select **Non-gallery application**. Provide a name for the application and click **Add**.

    ![Screenshot: AAD's dialog for beginning a new application](./images/sso-aad-saml-new-application-form.png)

3. AAD will automatically redirect to your new application settings. Navigate to **Single sign-on** and select **SAML**.

    ![Screenshot: the first page of AAD's new app configuration workflow, called "General Settings"](./images/sso-aad-saml-sso-method.png)

1. On the **Basic SAML Configuration** section, enter the values for the following fields:

>     a. In the **Identifier (Entity ID)** text box, type a URL using the following pattern:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - In the **Identifier (Entity ID)** text box, enter a URL using the following pattern:
```

    `https://<TFE HOSTNAME>/users/saml/metadata`

>     b. In the **Reply URL** text box, type a URL using the following pattern:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - In the **Reply URL** text box, enter a URL using the following pattern:
```

    `https://<TFE HOSTNAME>/users/saml/auth`

> 	c. In the **Sign on URL** text box, type a URL using the following pattern:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - In the **Sign on URL** text box, enter a URL using the following pattern:
```

    `https://<TFE HOSTNAME>/`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

	~> **Note:** Update these values with the actual Identifier and Sign on URL. Contact [Terraform Enterprise Client support team](https://support.hashicorp.com) to get these values. You can also refer to the patterns shown in the **Basic SAML Configuration** section in the Azure portal.
	
```

    ![Screenshot: The "Configure SAML" page of ADD's new app workflow, with the specified settings entered.](./images/sso-aad-saml-configuration.png)

> 	> [!NOTE]
> 	> These values are not real. Update these values with the actual Identifier and Sign on URL. Contact [Terraform Enterprise Client support team](https://support.hashicorp.com) to get these values. You can also refer to the patterns shown in the **Basic SAML Configuration** section in the Azure portal.

Reviewer 2: moving this before the screenshot

```suggestion
```

> 1. Your Terraform Enterprise application expects the SAML assertions in a specific format, which requires you to add custom attribute mappings to your SAML token attributes configuration. The default value of **Unique User Identifier** is **user.userprincipalname** but Terraform Enterprise expects this to be mapped with the user's email address. For that you can use **user.mail** attribute from the list or use the appropriate attribute value based on your organization configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Your Terraform Enterprise application expects the SAML assertions in a specific format, which requires you to add custom attribute mappings to your SAML token attributes configuration. The default value of **Unique User Identifier** is `user.userprincipalname` but Terraform Enterprise expects this to be mapped with the user's email address. For that, you can use `user.mail` attribute from the list or use the appropriate attribute value based on your organization configuration.
```

    ![Screenshot: Modifying the name identifier value.](./images/sso-aad-saml-user-claims-name-identifier.png)

6. Still in the **User Attributes & Claims** page, under **Manage user claims**, configure a user claim to map the team a user belongs to:
    

>     a. **Name:** `MemberOf`. This is the default name for TFE's group [attribute](./attributes.html); the name of this attribute can be changed in [TFE's SAML settings](./configuration.html) if necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Name:** `MemberOf`. This is the default name for TFE's group [attribute](./attributes.html); you can change this attribute's name in [TFE's SAML settings](./configuration.html).
```

>     b. **Source attribute:** (drop-down): `user.assignedroles`. Custom roles will be created in Azure Active Directory that will be used to map users and groups to TFE teams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Source attribute** (drop-down): `user.assignedroles`. Azure Active Directory will create custom roles that will be used to map users and groups to TFE teams.
```

    ![Screenshot: Add MemberOf claim](./images/sso-aad-saml-user-claims-memberof.png)

1. On the **Set up single sign-on with SAML** page, in the **SAML Signing Certificate** section,  find **Certificate (Base64)** and select **Download** to download the certificate and save it on your computer.

    ![Screenshot: Download the SAML signing certificate](./images/sso-aad-saml-signing-certificate.png)

> 8. Under the **Set up Terraform Enterprise** header, copy the following urls that we will enter in our TFE configuration to link TFE to AAD:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Under the **Set up Terraform Enterprise** header, copy the ** Login URL** and ** Logout URL** that you will enter in your TFE configuration to link TFE to AAD.
```

>     * **Login URL:**
>     * **Logout URL:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    ![Screenshot: Azure Login/Logout URLs](./images/sso-aad-saml-urls.png)

9. Navigate to `https://<TFE_HOSTNAME>/app/admin/saml` and perform the following steps in the **SAML Settings** page:

    ![Screenshot: Terraform Enterprise SAML Settings](./images/sso-aad-saml-tfe-saml-settings.png)

>     a. Enable the **Enable SAML single sign-on** check box.
> 
>     b. In the **Single Sign-On URL** textbox, paste the **Login URL** value which you have copied from the Azure portal.
> 
>     c. In the **Single Log-out URL** textbox, paste the **Login URL** value which you have copied from the Azure portal.
>     
>     d. Open the downloaded **Certificate** from the Azure portal into Notepad and paste the content into the **IDP CERTIFICATE** textbox. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Enable the **Enable SAML single sign-on** check box.
    - In the **Single Sign-On URL** textbox, paste the **Login URL** value which you copied from the Azure portal.
    - In the **Single Log-out URL** textbox, paste the **Login URL** value which you copied from the Azure portal.
    - Open the downloaded **Certificate** from the Azure portal into Notepad and paste the content into the **IDP CERTIFICATE** textbox. 
```

### Create an Azure AD test user

> In this section, you'll create a test user in the Azure portal called B.Simon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll create a test user in the Azure portal named B. Simon.
```

1. From the left pane in the Azure portal, select **Azure Active Directory**, select **Users**, and then select **All users**.
1. Select **New user** at the top of the screen.
1. In the **User** properties, follow these steps:

>    1. In the **Name** field, enter `B.Simon`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. In the **Name** field, enter `B. Simon`.  
```

>    1. In the **User name** field, enter the username@companydomain.extension. For example, `B.Simon@contoso.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. In the **User name** field, enter the `B.Simon@companydomain.extension`, replacing `companydomain.extension` with your company's domain name. For example, `B.Simon@contoso.com`.
```

   1. Select the **Show password** check box, and then write down the value that's displayed in the **Password** box.
   1. Click **Create**.

### Assign the Azure AD test user

> In this section, you'll enable B.Simon to use Azure single sign-on by granting access to Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll enable B. Simon to use Azure single sign-on by granting access to Terraform Enterprise.
```

1. In the Azure portal, select **Enterprise Applications**, and then select **All applications**.
1. In the applications list, select **Terraform Enterprise**.
1. In the app's overview page, find the **Manage** section and select **Users and groups**.

> 
> 1. Select **Add user**, then select **Users and groups** in the **Add Assignment** dialog.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add user**, then select **Users and groups** in the **Add Assignment** dialog.
```

> 1. In the **Users and groups** dialog, select **B.Simon** from the Users list, then click the **Select** button at the bottom of the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the **Users and groups** dialog, select **B. Simon** from the Users list, then click the **Select** button at the bottom of the screen.
```

1. In the **Add Assignment** dialog, click the **Assign** button.

## Configure Custom Roles for Team Membership Mapping

1. Create teams in TFE as outlined in [TFE Team Membership](./team-membership.html).

2. Return to the Azure Portal, navigate to the **App registrations** page, and search for the application you created for TFE in the **Enterprise applications** page. Select your app and in the left sidebar select **Manifest**.

    ![Screenshot: AAD App Registration](./images/sso-aad-saml-app-registration.png)

3. In the manifest editor, locate the **appRoles** block. This is where you will add additional roles that map users and groups to teams in TFE.

    ![Screenshot: Manifest Editor](./images/sso-aad-saml-manifest-approles.png)

4. The **appRoles** block may contain roles automatically generated by AAD. Leave the automatically generated role GUIDs with their default values.  New roles should be added after the system roles and must contain a unique GUID value for the ID value of the new role. You can use a tool such as [GUID Generator](https://www.guidgenerator.com) to create the GUIDs for these new roles. Click **Save** to add the roles.

>     > [!Note]
>     > You can add as many roles as your organization needs, such as the `site-admins` role. Azure AD will send the value of these roles as the claim value in the SAML response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -> **Tip:** You can add as many roles as your organization needs, such as the `site-admins` role. Azure AD will send the value of these roles as the claim value in the SAML response.
```

>     Example role configuration that creates a new role named **Dev**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The following role configuration example creates a new role named **Dev**:
```

    ```

    ![Screenshot: New role in Manifest Editor](./images/sso-aad-saml-manifest-devapprole.png)

5. Go back to **Enterprise applications**, and select the app you created for TFE. In the left sidebar, under the **Manage** heading, select **Users and Groups**. This is where you will enable access to TFE by adding either users or groups to your application. During the process of adding users or groups you will select a role to be assigned to the user or group. Select the role that matches the user or groups TFE team.

    ![Screenshot: Role Assignment](./images/sso-aad-saml-role-assignment.png)

Once you have added users, the initial configuration is complete, and they can begin logging into TFE with their AAD username and password.

## Test SSO

> In this section, you test your Azure AD single sign-on configuration with following options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test your Azure AD single sign-on configuration by doing one of the following to initiate the login flow:
```

> - Click on **Test this application** in Azure portal. This will redirect to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL where you can initiate the login flow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Click **Test this application** in Azure portal. This redirects to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL.
```

> - Go to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL directly and initiate the login flow from there.

Reviewer: Should we provide the URL?

```suggestion
- Go to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL directly.
```

> - Go to Microsoft My Apps, then click the Terraform Enterprise tile. This will redirect to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL. For more information about the My Apps, see [Introduction to the My Apps](https://support.microsoft.com/account-billing/sign-in-and-start-apps-from-the-my-apps-portal-2f3b1bae-0e5a-4a86-a33e-876fbd2a4510).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to **Microsoft My Apps**, and then click the **Terraform Enterprise** tile. This redirects to the Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL. Refer to [Introduction to the My Apps](https://support.microsoft.com/account-billing/sign-in-and-start-apps-from-the-my-apps-portal-2f3b1bae-0e5a-4a86-a33e-876fbd2a4510) for more details.
```

    ```

    ![Screenshot: New role in Manifest Editor](./images/sso-aad-saml-manifest-devapprole.png)

5. Go back to **Enterprise applications**, and select the app you created for TFE. In the left sidebar, under the **Manage** heading, select **Users and Groups**. This is where you will enable access to TFE by adding either users or groups to your application. During the process of adding users or groups you will select a role to be assigned to the user or group. Select the role that matches the user or groups TFE team.

    ![Screenshot: Role Assignment](./images/sso-aad-saml-role-assignment.png)

> Once users have been added, the initial configuration is complete, and they can begin logging into TFE with their AAD username and password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have added users, the initial configuration is complete, and they can begin logging into TFE with their AAD username and password.
```

## Test SSO

In this section, you test your Azure AD single sign-on configuration with following options. 

> * Click on **Test this application** in Azure portal. This will redirect to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL where you can initiate the login flow. 
> 
> * Go to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL directly and initiate the login flow from there.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click on **Test this application** in Azure portal. This will redirect to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL where you can initiate the login flow. 
- Go to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL directly and initiate the login flow from there.
```

> * You can use Microsoft My Apps. When you click the Terraform Enterprise tile in the My Apps, this will redirect to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL. For more information about the My Apps, see [Introduction to the My Apps](https://support.microsoft.com/account-billing/sign-in-and-start-apps-from-the-my-apps-portal-2f3b1bae-0e5a-4a86-a33e-876fbd2a4510).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Go to Microsoft My Apps, then click the Terraform Enterprise tile. This will redirect to Terraform Enterprise Sign-on URL. For more information about the My Apps, see [Introduction to the My Apps](https://support.microsoft.com/account-billing/sign-in-and-start-apps-from-the-my-apps-portal-2f3b1bae-0e5a-4a86-a33e-876fbd2a4510).
```

## Next steps

> Once you configure Terraform Enterprise you can enforce session control, which protects exfiltration and infiltration of your organization’s sensitive data in real time. Session control extends from Conditional Access. [Learn how to enforce session control with Microsoft Cloud App Security](/cloud-app-security/proxy-deployment-any-app).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you configure Terraform Enterprise, you can enforce session control, which protects exfiltration and infiltration of your organization’s sensitive data in real time. Session control extends from Conditional Access. Learn how to [enforce session control with Microsoft Cloud App Security](/cloud-app-security/proxy-deployment-any-app).
```

Reviewer 2: Also, this link doesn't resolve `/cloud-app-security/proxy-deployment-any-app`.
